It turned out to be at least three years.
Now I'm back from school
Lin Cang, why are you uncomfortable?
I'll take you to the hospital.
Mr. Mu, I just got the news
Eight families joined forces
Eight families join forces
The eight major families have placed their final orders on us
Ask us within a day
Complete their entrusted tasks
Otherwise, it will be compensated ten times the price.
That's a trillion dollars.
Mr. Mo, our group doesn't have so much money at all
It's really lonely for the eight families to join forces
You go out first
Leave this to me.
False eight gall
Even if I get up, you're dead
To perish
When will you recover after three years?
I'm really tired by myself
Why am I telling you this?
You don't understand it either.
You be good
I handle some group business
We don't want the big deal group.
Let's leave Gyeongju together
Okay? Hmm?
Ahhhh